Uses same doc for CE and EE (#1372)
akeneo/pim-docs: migrate_pim/upgrade_from_32_to_40.rst

Upgrade from 3.2 to 4.0
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Use this documentation to migrate projects based on Akeneo PIM CE or EE 3.2 to 4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this documentation to migrate projects based on Akeneo PIM Community or Enterprise Editions 3.2 to 4.0.
```
